Mommy Xingxing was not by your side before
It's not good for Mommy
You pick a mom as a gift.
Can I compensate you?
Dolphin Lego
This is cheap.
Just love this
99,000 What kind of Lego is this?
Mother Xingxing bought it for you.
I owe it all these years
Isn't it just to buy a toy?
Why is the balance so small?
This is not the way to go on
Why don't you do some part-time jobs to make some extra money?
Tall column
Please check Brother Song Nan's company for me.
What does it have to do with our company?
Hello, who ordered the takeout?
Why did it take so long to arrive?
My colleagues have arrived after me.
God, this is the jade bracelet that just entered our store.
500,000 this this this this is not me
That's what the delivery guy did
No, it's not me, I just wanted to quibble
It was you who suddenly let go just now
The takeout just flew out.
Stop talking so much nonsense!
You have to pay for this jade bracelet.
I just put the takeout in your hands.
Why do you want me to pay?
You ruined something in our store
Either lose money or buy it